So what is cloud computing?
Cloud computing is the practice of using a network of
remote servers hosted on the Internet to store,
manage, and process data,
rather than a local server or a personal computer.
The arrival of Cloud computing completely changed the way we deploy our technology,
providing powerful access to instant and scalable computing power to enterprises,
start-ups, and developers alike.
Whether you need servers to host a web application,
reliable storage for your data,
or machines to train machine learning models,
it's easy to see the advantage of relying on the Cloud,
rather than utilizing your personal computer or local servers.
For one, you no longer have to invest in lots of hardware upfront.
No need to worry about whether you are paying for more than you'll need,
or what to do if you need to scale a lot more later on.
Cloud computing makes this as easy as
clicking a few buttons to scale your resources up or down.
It's significantly faster provisioning the resources you need through the Cloud,
versus the time it would take to gather and build up the hardware you need,
to provide the same support.
This allows you and your team or company,
to develop and experiment at a much faster rate.
Lastly, you can provide efficient access to your applications around the world,
by spreading your deployments to multiple regions.